>> Erik Reinert: All right,
so now that we've done that,
we're going to do Terraform Init again.
We're going to do a plan.
There we go.
We've got 19 resources to add.
And it's funny because earlier we created
a virtual network with 63 resources and
IT felt really simple, [LAUGH] you can
tell how annoying even 19 resources are.
Modules are helpful.
Use modules.
If you can use modules,
they will save you a lot of time.
So, okay, now that we've got the plan,
let's go ahead and use the apply.
And now we are working on creating
our cluster, the spot instances.
>> Student: They can
shut down just anytime.
So you have to be able to deal with that.
>> Erik Reinert: Yeah, that's why
we're putting them in auto scaling
groups though.
So an auto scaling group underneath
the hood basically says I want this many
instances and
if any of them disappear I will refill it.
And if I want to,
I want to also scale this auto
scaling group to this many instances.
And then if we lose one of those,
I want to replace that one too.
So if we're at 5 and then 1 of our
spots gets taken and we go down to 4,
the auto scaling group will know,
well, we have to be at 5.
So let me bring it back to 5.
The goal there is to make it so
that your high availability is good enough
to where you don't have to worry
about having any outages or
requests failing or
anything like that for it.
So really what you would do is you would
have an auto scaling group with stuff,
six or seven versions of the same
container running it, and
then you would send traffic
to all of those instances and
then the moment you lost one of those
instances, you would stop traffic going
to that instance,
which a load balancer does basically.
And then once that new instance comes in,
it allows traffic to start
going to that instance.
So for us, the mechanisms that are doing
that are the auto scaling group and
the load balancer.
They work together to know when requests
are failing to take an instance out and
when requests are successful
to keep the instance in.
And it does everything
underneath the hood.
>> Student: Do they give you
any guaranteed minimum time
on a spot instance?
I guess maybe.
>> Erik Reinert: No [LAUGH].
No, they really don't.
No, and the reason why I say that is
just because we were provisioning
like 32 core 196 gigabyte RAM
instances which are just huge and
we'd only get for
like 15 minutes at a time on spot.
it was ridiculously short.
And I was like, okay, well Nevermind,
some are just better than others.
If you get a two core 4 gigabit RAM
instance, you'll probably keep that for
a while because they've got
hundreds upon thousands of them and
they all kind of keep in
like a very stable market.
But if you got like really big instances
and the market fluctuates a lot,
if they can sell that instance for a
bigger value, they're going to take it and
they're going to go sell it.
That's really why they take the instance,
is because they want to,
they found a better buyer for
what you're paying for and so
they can make more money off of
the instance they just gave you.
Well, while this is running, one thing we
can check really quickly is we could start
looking at some of our cluster stuff.
So if I go to ecs.
Awesome.
So there's a couple of
really good signs here.
So here's our ECS cluster right here.
I'm inside of the ECS console.
You'll see that I have two other ones, but
you'll see that I have my
third one here staging.
You'll see that I have zero services,
I have no tasks running, but
I do have one EC2 instance.
So that means that the EC2 instance
in my auto scaling group started it,
got that value in the template
that we provided it and
it knew that it should connect
to my staging cluster.
We also have container insights.
So you can see here that I actually have
more advanced metrics and stuff like that.
If I click on staging itself, I can
actually start looking at the cluster.
So again you'll see that I have no
services currently, no tasks either.
But if I click on infrastructure,
you can see, hey,
there's my staging spot capacity provider.
There's my active container instance.
If I scroll all the way to the right here,
you can see that I have 2048
units of compute available and
I have 3083,
3883 megabytes of RAM available as well.
So like I have a running cluster now.
I have a running cluster with
an instance attached to it,
ready to take services when we're ready
to start scheduling those services.
>> Student: We still don't
have the code deployed, right?
>> Erik Reinert: Not yet, no.
Well, so technically we do,
but it's on App Runner, right?
So during this whole time,
if you were at your company,
you would absolutely be leaving
that stuff on App Runner, right?
Let the devs keep going through
that process and all of that.
And then once all of this was deployed,
then you would move
everything over to ecs.
Awesome, so we got provisioned.
Now, again, we just created a cluster and
a distribution.
But as I said before,
we've taken a look at the staging cluster.
We can see that we do have infrastructure,
we have our capacity provider as
well as even an instance right here.
We can see we're completely wired up and
ready to go in the sense
of running containers.
And then if I go to distribution, I can go
to Cloudfront and then if I go in here,
again, disregard all my other stuff, but
the one that's actually not labeled,
if I click on that one, this is the one
that we just created for our cluster.
And so you can see we got a domain name.
And what's kind of neat,
if we want to see if it's actually
propagating properly, I can do this.
Now, remember it in the load balancer,
we said that if nothing else could
be handled, I should get a 404.
So technically, if I make a request
to this CDN and I get a 404,
that means that's the response
from the load balancer.
So I'm gonna hit Enter,
hey, 404 not found.
So even though I don't have
an application running yet,
we still have complete connectivity from
the CDN to the load balancer internally.
And that's the default response for it.
So that's awesome.
That means that, yeah, we're fully
ready to start provisioning a service.
So if I just pull up the directory
in my code base really quickly,
that module directory, what's neat
is that the module directory is
really even describing our
infrastructure for us.
If there's anything I've really grown to
appreciate in infrastructure management,
it really is good organization, dude.
You're managing stuff at the end of
the day, whether it be virtual stuff or
physical stuff or whatever.
And it really is nice
when it's organized well.
It's easy to understand,
it's approachable.
I've been on so many different jobs
where things weren't organized well or
they didn't take the time to think
of anybody else using it but them.
And yeah, being able to go into this
module directory and just see cluster,
database, environment, network, this
is possible not just in this workshop,
it's very possible in
a real world scenario.
You just have to be conscious of what
you're trying to logically separate and
really describing it in as
simple terms as possible.
Again, we have a cluster, we have
a database, we have an environment,
we have a network.
We're not saying ECS cluster,
we're not saying RDS database, instance.
We're just speaking in general terms.
And the idea is that, okay,
so what happens in the future
if we want our databases to
be Aurora instead of RDS?
We could make it so
that this database module takes a variable
that is Aurora as an option or
postgres or.
I'm sorry, or
is RDS instance as an option, right?
And now people can use
the exact same module and
have more functionality and
more things to do with it.
So, yeah, I think speaking in general
terms also makes it so that it's more
direct to solving the problem and makes
it so that it's more approachable where
you're not speaking so much in the cloud
resources terms, you're speaking more in.
Just like,
this is what a database means to us,
this is what a cluster means to us, right?
When new people come on,
that's what you say to them.
You say, okay, well, if we say the word
cluster, you think ECS cluster, right?
And then everyone kind of is working
together in a really common language.